Fix `evaluate` with not `None` `feature_set` (#66)
Quantco/metalearners: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

0.8.0 (2024-07-xx)
------------------

**Bug fixes**

* Fixed a bug in :meth:`metalearners.metalearner.MetaLearner.evaluate` where it failed

>   in the case ``feature_set`` was different from ``None``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in the case of ``feature_set`` being different from ``None``.
```
